c:\users\technomide\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\bin\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.exe.config
c:\users\technomide\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\bin\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.exe
c:\users\technomide\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\bin\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.pdb
c:\users\technomide\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\technomide\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.Form1.resources
c:\users\technomide\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\technomide\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\technomide\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.exe
c:\users\technomide\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.pdb
c:\users\technomide\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.Expence_Form.resources
c:\users\technomide\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.Attendance_Form.resources
C:\Users\technomide\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.Login_Signup.resources
C:\Users\technomide\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.UC_Menu.resources
C:\Users\technomide\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.Owner_Form.resources
C:\Users\technomide\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.Consultants_Form.resources
C:\Users\technomide\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.Dashboard_form.resources
C:\Users\technomide\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.Employee_Form.resources
C:\Users\technomide\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.Income_form.resources
C:\Users\technomide\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.Login_form.resources
C:\Users\technomide\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.Projects_form.resources
C:\Users\technomide\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.Withdrawl_form.resources
C:\Users\technomide\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Technomide_Corporation\Technomide_Corporation\obj\Debug\Technomide_Corporation.About_form.resources
